
    <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
    <!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
        "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
    <html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head><link href="objavi.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
        <script type="text/x-mathjax-config">MathJax.Hub.Config({jax: ["input/MathML", "input/TeX", "input/AsciiMath", "output/NativeMML", "output/HTML-CSS"],extensions: ["asciimath2jax.js", "tex2jax.js","mml2jax.js","MathMenu.js","MathZoom.js"],tex2jax: { inlineMath: [["[TEX_START]","[TEX_END]"], ["\(", "\)"]] },MMLorHTML: {prefer:{MSIE:"MML",Firefox:"MML",Opera:"HTML",Chrome:"HTML",Safari:"HTML",other:"HTML"}},TeX: {extensions: ["AMSmath.js","AMSsymbols.js","noErrors.js","noUndefined.js"], noErrors: { disabled: true }},AsciiMath: { noErrors: { disabled: true } }});</script></head>
    <body>
    
    
    <!--?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?--><link href="objavi.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet">
        <script type="text/x-mathjax-config">MathJax.Hub.Config({jax: ["input/MathML", "input/TeX", "input/AsciiMath", "output/NativeMML", "output/HTML-CSS"],extensions: ["asciimath2jax.js", "tex2jax.js","mml2jax.js","MathMenu.js","MathZoom.js"],tex2jax: { inlineMath: [["[TEX_START]","[TEX_END]"], ["\(", "\)"]] },MMLorHTML: {prefer:{MSIE:"MML",Firefox:"MML",Opera:"HTML",Chrome:"HTML",Safari:"HTML",other:"HTML"}},TeX: {extensions: ["AMSmath.js","AMSsymbols.js","noErrors.js","noUndefined.js"], noErrors: { disabled: true }},AsciiMath: { noErrors: { disabled: true } }});</script>
    <h1 style="">
	
	
	


</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
<font size="5" style="font-size: 20pt"><b>An improved test for
detecting multiplicative homeostatic synaptic scaling </b></font>
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0;">
<br style=""></p><h1 style="">
</h1><p lang="de-DE" class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
<b>Jimok Kim<sup>1­–3#*</sup>, Richard W. Tsien<sup>2+</sup>
and Bradley E. Alger<sup>3</sup></b></p><h1 style="">
</h1><ol><li><p lang="de-DE" class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
	Institute of Molecular Medicine and Genetics, Graduate Program in
	Neuroscience and Department of Neurology, Georgia Health Sciences
	University, Augusta, GA 30912</p></li><li><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
	Department of Molecular and Cellular Physiology, Stanford University
	School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305</p></li><li><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
	Department of Physiology, Psychiatry and Program in Neuroscience,
	University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201</p></li></ol><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0;">
<br style="">
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
# <b>Current address</b>: <span lang="de-DE">Institute of Molecular
Medicine and Genetics, Georgia Health Sciences University, Augusta,
GA 30912</span></p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
<span lang="de-DE">+ </span><span lang="de-DE"><b>Current address</b></span><span lang="de-DE">:
New York University Institute of Neuroscience, New York University,
New York, New York </span>10016  
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
* <b>Corresponding author</b>: jimkim@georgiahealth.edu, phone
706-721-1371, fax 706-721-8752</p><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0"><br></p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
<b>Funding</b>: This work was supported by grants R01AG036794 to
J.K., R37MH071739 to R.W.T. and R01DA014625 to B.E.A. from the
National Institutes of Health. The funders had no role in study
design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or
preparation of the manuscript.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0;">
<br style=""></p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0; page-break-before: always">
<b>ABSTRACT&nbsp;</b></p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
Homeostatic scaling of synaptic strengths is essential for
maintenance of network “gain”, but also poses a risk of losing
the distinctions among relative synaptic weights, which are possibly
cellular correlates of memory storage.  Multiplicative scaling of all
synapses has been proposed as a mechanism that would preserve the
relative weights among them, because they would all be
proportionately adjusted.  It is crucial for this hypothesis that all
synapses be affected identically, but whether or not this actually
occurs is difficult to determine directly.  Mathematical tests for
multiplicative synaptic scaling are presently carried out on
distributions of miniature synaptic current amplitudes, but the
accuracy of the test procedure has not been fully validated.  We now
show that the existence of an amplitude threshold for empirical
detection of miniature synaptic currents limits the use of the most
common method for detecting multiplicative changes.  Our new method
circumvents the problem by discarding the potentially distorting
subthreshold values after computational scaling. This new method
should be useful in assessing the underlying neurophysiological
nature of a homeostatic synaptic scaling transformation, and
therefore in evaluating its functional significance.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0;">
<br style="">
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0;">
<br style="">
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
<b>INTRODUCTION&nbsp;</b></p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="text-indent: 0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
Hebbian synaptic plasticity, such as long-term potentiation, is
considered a cellular correlate of memory , but also has the
potential to destabilize a network as a result of its positive
feedback regulation of synaptic efficacy .  By offsetting extreme
changes in activity by compensatory reductions, “synaptic
homeostasis”  has been proposed as a mechanism to stabilize
neuronal circuits during accumulation of Hebbian plasticity . 
However, simple compensatory homeostatic regulation of synaptic
strengths carries the risk of erasing the relative differences among
synaptic weights that are inscribed by Hebbian plasticity, and that
constitute the basis of information storage, i.e., memory. This
problem could be avoided by a uniform multiplicative scaling process,
in which strengths of all the synapses subject to the same level of
activity perturbation were altered by the same factor, as this would
leave the relative synaptic strengths unaltered .  Therefore,
multiplicative scaling is a key concept that would enable homeostatic
plasticity to achieve two beneficial functions simultaneously:
network stabilization and memory preservation.  
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="text-indent: 0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
Because of the impracticality of assessing individually thousands of
synapses in even a small neuronal circuit, a mathematical procedure
has been developed to permit determination of whether or not
multiplicative scaling occurred following a global alteration in
neuronal activity.  The outcome of this procedure is then used to
constrain the kinds of underlying biophysical mechanisms of synaptic
regulation within the network.  For example, a possible mechanism for
multiplicative synaptic scaling after global changes in neuronal
activity, would be insertion or removal of AMPA receptors into/from
spines by the same factor across all synapses .   Accordingly, the
accurate estimation of the scaling procedure will affect any
conclusions about its functional relevance (see Discussion).<u>  </u>
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="text-indent: 0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
The concept of multiplicative scaling originally arose from a
theoretical analysis of changes in the amplitudes of miniature
excitatory postsynaptic currents (mEPSCs) following a period of
global silencing or disinhibition of a network .  In this original
study, the occurrence of multiplicative scaling was assessed by the
degree of overlap between two distributions of mEPSC amplitudes when
one distribution was scaled mathematically to match the other.  If,
after mathematical scaling, the distribution of mEPSC amplitudes
obtained from activity-altered neurons overlapped with that of the
control mEPSCs, it was concluded that all the excitatory synapses had
been scaled multiplicatively .   
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="text-indent: 0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
Because the existence of true multiplicative scaling is critical for
the conclusions that emerge from such studies, e.g., memory
preservation, the validity of the test for scaling must be carefully
examined.  Inaccuracy in the determination of scaling patterns would
challenge the suitability of the multiplicative scaling hypothesis to
account for the data, and thereby potentially alter the biological
interpretation of the synaptic scaling.  We show here that
limitations in the original scaling method can in fact lead to a
distortion in the distributions of the mEPSCs, and accordingly could
result in misleading conclusions.  We now propose a new method that
overcomes the problems, strengthens the test for multiplicative
scaling, and thereby contributes to better interpretation of the
empirical underpinnings of homeostatic synaptic plasticity and its
functional significance. 
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="text-indent: 0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
 
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0;">
<br style="">
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
<b>MATERIALS AND METHODS</b></p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0;">
<br style="">
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
<b>Preparation of slice cultures</b>: The raw data for this analysis
were obtained during previous investigations of mEPSCs  and miniature
inhibitory postsynaptic currents (mIPSCs) .  As reported ,
hippocampal organotypic slice cultures were made from 6–7-day-old
Sprague-Dawley rats (Charles-River Laboratories, Wilmington, MA).
Slices were cut in a saline consisting of (in mM) 122 NaCl, 3 KCl, 26
NaHCO<sub>3</sub>, 1 NaH<sub>2</sub>PO<sub>4</sub>, 2 CaCl<sub>2</sub>,
2 MgCl<sub>2</sub>, 20 glucose (300–305 mOsm; bubbled with 95%
O<sub>2</sub>/5% CO<sub>2</sub>), and cultured on membrane
(Millipore, Billerica, MA) at the interface of air with 5% CO<sub>2</sub>
and culture medium at 37°C. Slice cultures used for mIPSC recordings
were made similarly from hippocampi of 15-day-old male rats . The
protocols were approved by the Institutional Animal Care and Use
Committee of Stanford University or of the University of Maryland
(protocol number 0609001). 
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0;">
<br style="">
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
<b>Electrophysiology</b>: Slice cultures of age 21–25 days in vitro
(for mEPSC) or 18–22 days in vitro (for mIPSC) were used for
electrophysiology. Synaptic currents were recorded from CA1 pyramidal
neurons with a whole-cell voltage clamp technique at 22–24<sup>○</sup>C.
Electrode resistance (3–4 M<font face="Symbol, serif"></font>)
and series resistance (&lt;25 M<font face="Symbol, serif"></font>)
were stable within 15% during the experiments. Data were collected
using Axopatch 1C or Axopatch 200B (Molecular Devices, Sunnyvale,
CA), filtered at 1 or 2 kHz and digitized at 20 or 50 kHz in Clampex
9 program (Molecular Devices). mEPSCs were recorded at –70 mV in
the normal saline containing tetrodotoxin (TTX;1 <font face="Symbol, serif"></font>M),
gabazine (10 <font face="Symbol, serif"></font>M), and <span style="font-variant: small-caps">d</span>-AP5
(50 <font face="Symbol, serif"></font>M). The pipette solution
contained (in mM) 120 CsCH<sub>3</sub>SO<sub>3</sub>, 8 CsCl, 1
MgCl<sub>2</sub>, 0.4 EGTA, 2 ATP-Mg, 0.3 GTP-tris, 10 HEPES, 5 QX314
bromide and 10 phosphocreatine (pH 7.20 with CsOH, 295 mOsm). The
perfusion rate of bath solution was ~1.5 ml/min. mIPSCs were recorded
with KCl-based pipette solution and the details were described
previously .</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0;">
<br style="">
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
<b>Data Analysis</b>: Individual mE/IPSCs were detected with the
Clampfit program (Axon Instruments) with a template made from our own
data. To ensure that each cell contributed equally to statistical
analysis, we used 100 mEPSCs or 500 mIPSCs per cell.  For statistics,
all of the mE/IPSC amplitudes were pooled and subjected to a
Kolmogorov-Smirnov (K-S) test with the PAST program
(http://folk.uio.no/ohammer/past/). mE/IPSCs were inward currents,
but the signs of amplitudes were converted to positive values for
computational convenience. The amplitude of the smallest mEPSC in the
control group, 6.43 pA, was used as a detection threshold when
subthreshold values were excluded from the down-scaled mEPSC
amplitudes of the TTX group in Figs. 3B,C.  For mIPSCs, the detection
threshold in Figs. 3D, E was defined as the smallest mIPSC amplitude
in the TTX-treated group, 9.42 pA.  All data represent mean ± SEM. 
We used a stringent confidence level of K-S tests, <i>p</i> &lt;
10<sup>–4</sup>, because the sample sizes of the mE/IPSC data sets
are large.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0;">
<br style="">
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
<b>RESULTS</b></p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0;">
<br style="">
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
<b>Conventional test for multiplicative scaling and its shortcoming </b>
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="text-indent: 0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
To induce homeostatic scaling of excitatory synaptic transmission, we
chronically blocked neuronal firing by treating slice cultures of rat
hippocampus with 1–1.5 <font face="Symbol, serif"></font>M TTX
for 3–4 days. As reported , the mean mEPSC amplitude of TTX-treated
cells (17.4 ± 0.77 pA; n = 7 cells) was larger than that of control
cells (14.2 ± 0.85 pA; n = 7) (<i>p</i> &lt; 10<sup>–9</sup>, K-S
test; Fig. 1A). We employed a widely accepted method  to test for the
occurrence of multiplicative scaling: first, mEPSC amplitudes of the
TTX-treated cells were rank-ordered and plotted against the
rank-ordered mEPSC amplitudes of the control cells.  The rank was
determined in each of control and TTX groups independently of the
other group.  Then the plot was fitted with a straight line to obtain
the scaling function, <i>y</i> = 1.6<i>x</i> – 4.9 (Fig. 1A).  A
small number of data points in the large-amplitude region (e.g., &gt;
40 pA) deviated from the straight line perhaps because of random
variability in the number of receptors activated in some larger,
unsaturated receptor patches.  The number of these extreme values was
quite low (&lt; 1% of the total) and the linear regression seemed to
generate a reliable fitting of the majority of the data.  After
transforming individual mEPSC amplitudes of TTX-treated neurons with
this equation, we constructed a cumulative frequency plot of the
mEPSC amplitudes. The distribution of the scaled TTX data closely
overlapped with that of control data (<i>p</i> = 0.53, K-S test; Fig.
1B).  Conventionally, this result has been interpreted as meaning
that multiplicative scaling of mEPSC amplitudes had occurred, but
this conclusion actually does not follow, as discussed below. 
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="text-indent: 0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
Although it was originally proposed and is currently accepted that a
successful transformation by <i>y</i> = <i>ax</i> + <i>b</i> can be
considered multiplicative scaling , this transformation in fact
includes both multiplicative (<i>a</i>) and additive (<i>b</i>)
components. In multiplicative scaling, all synapses should be scaled
proportionately.  In other words, the scaling factor (new synaptic
strength / initial synaptic strength) must be the same for all the
synapses.  This, of course, occurs if the scaling equation is <i>y</i>
= <i>ax</i>, where the scaling factor (<i>y</i>/<i>x</i>) is <i>a</i>,
a constant.  However, in the equation <i>y</i> = <i>ax</i> + <i>b</i>,
the scaling factor is <i>a</i> + <i>b/x</i> and varies with initial
synaptic strength, <i>x</i>.  If synapses are scaled by <i>a</i> +
<i>b/x</i>, stronger synapses (e.g., <i>x</i> » <i>b</i>) are scaled
up to a lesser extent than weaker synapses (e.g., <i>x</i> <font face="Arial, sans-serif">≤</font>
<i>b</i>).  The relationship among synaptic strengths would be
distorted after this scaling process.  The implications for the
physiological data that are well fit by this function could be that
the relative synaptic weightings within the population was not
accurately preserved, and that information stored in the synaptic
strengths was degraded or lost.  
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="text-indent: 0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
To determine if scaling carried out with <i>y</i> = <i>ax</i> + <i>b</i>
reflected a significant deviation from the results expected from a
purely multiplicative scaling, we used the transformation equation <i>y
= ax</i> and compared the results. The rank-order plot was fitted
with <i>y</i> = <i>ax</i> (Fig. 1A), and individual mEPSC amplitudes
of TTX-treated cells were divided by <i>a</i>.  When the TTX mEPSCs
were scaled down by the slope of the fitted line, 1.27, the
distribution of the scaled mEPSC amplitudes was significantly
different from that of control mEPSCs (<i>p </i>= 9.7 <font face="Symbol, serif"></font>
10<sup>–9</sup>, K-S test; Fig. 1C).  This was contrary to the
conclusion reached when we fitted the data with <i>y = ax + b</i>,
and suggested a failure of the simple multiplicative scaling
hypothesis.  
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="text-indent: 0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
We obtained similar results with mIPSC data.  As expected for
homeostatic scaling, the mean amplitude of mIPSCs in TTX-treated
cells (58 ± 6 pA; n = 7) was smaller than that of control mIPSCs (91
± 9 pA; n = 7; <i>p</i> &lt; 10<sup>–64</sup>, K-S test; Fig. 1D)
.  The linear fit of the rank-ordered amplitudes was <i>y</i> = 0.55<i>x</i>
– 7.4 (Fig. 1D) and the distribution of the TTX data that were
scaled by this equation was not significantly different from that of
control data (<i>p</i> = 0.011, K-S test; Fig. 1E).  Again, the
conventional interpretation would be the scaling of activity-deprived
mIPSCs was simply multiplicative .  We however further analyzed the
mIPSC data using a pure multiplicative equation, <i>y</i> = 0.60<i>x</i>,
which was obtained from a linear regression of the rank-ordered data
(Fig. 1D).  Similarly to the mEPSC data, the distribution of scaled
mIPSC amplitudes obtained by dividing TTX mIPSCs by 0.60 was
significantly different from the control distribution (<i>p </i>= 1.3
<font face="Symbol, serif"></font> 10<sup>–14</sup>, K-S test;
Fig. 1F).  These results and ideas suggest that the conventional test
for multiplicative scaling (i.e., fitting rank-order plots with <i>y</i>
= <i>ax</i> + <i>b</i>) has been misinterpreted, and the seemingly
correct use of the test (i.e., fitting rank-order plots with <i>y</i>
= <i>ax</i>) showed non-multiplicative scaling of our mE/IPSC data. 
This implies that the physiological changes of mE/IPSCs might
encompass more complex processes than simple multiplicative scaling
and instead involve sums of multiplicative and additive components.  
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="text-indent: 0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0;">
<br style="">
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
<b>Source of the problems of the conventional test</b></p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="text-indent: 0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
 However, before rejecting the hypothesis that multiplicative scaling
can account for the data, we considered whether or not the
conventional method of data fitting might have introduced errors that
affected the results.  The reason for the concern is the existence of
an experimental detection threshold for mEPSC and mIPSC amplitudes,
which can be problematical for the following reasons.  First, when a
fixed detection threshold limits the minimum amplitudes in control
and treated populations, as in the case of experimental detection of
mEPSCs, simple multiplication of one population must, in principle,
always fail to overlap with the other population (compare Figs. 2A
and B).  This is because the smallest amplitudes in the control
distribution will be below the detection level, but the synapses that
give rise to them will nevertheless be boosted by the TTX treatment,
and the smallest responses may then form part of the TTX-treated
mEPSC population.  Yet the mathematical multiplicative scaling
process can only act on the suprathreshold responses, and will
produce a distribution of which the cut-off level will also be
shifted with respect to the minimum value of the experimental (e.g.,
TTX) group (Fig. 2B). As a result, the distributions of the TTX group
(Fig. 2B left, red curve) and the scaled control group (Fig. 2B
right, red curve) will not match each other. Only if there were no
lower limit in a distribution, would <i>y = ax</i> suffice as an
accurate test for multiplicative scaling in such cases (Fig. 2A).  
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="text-indent: 0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
Second, the rank-order plot method has limitations when
non-detectable subthreshold values should be estimated from an
extrapolation of suprathreshold data.  In rank-order plots of
experimental data, the smallest mEPSCs of control and TTX-treated
cells are paired with each other, but the minimal TTX-treated mEPSCs
may, again, be scaled up versions of subthreshold control mEPSCs,
which would not have been detected experimentally (Figs. 2C,D). In an
experimental rank-order plot, the smallest TTX mEPSC must be paired
with the minimal control mEPSC, and therefore, the consequent
rank-order plot of TTX-treated mEPSCs represents a shift of an ideal
rank-order plot that includes subthreshold amplitudes (Fig. 2C). If
the data points are evenly distributed across various amplitudes
(Fig. 2C), the slope of the original linear fit will be preserved in
the plot of suprathreshold data. In this case, the slope alone
(without the <i>y</i>-intercept) might appear to be an accurate
scaling factor . Amplitudes of synaptic currents, however, typically
distribute unevenly  (cf. Figs. 1A,D). If subthreshold points are
excluded from unevenly distributed data, the remaining data points in
a rank-order plot are shifted by heterogeneous distances (Fig. 2D). 
In this case, the calculated slope, i.e., the scaling factor,
diverges from its true value.  Consequently, a simple linear fit to
the suprathreshold data will not reveal the information present in
the original scaling function.  In sum, the existence of a detection
threshold for mE/IPSC amplitudes challenges the validity of
conclusions based the conventional test for multiplicative scaling.  
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="text-indent: 0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0;">
<br style="">
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
<b>Alternative method for testing multiplicative scaling</b></p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="text-indent: 0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
In general, if one population is derived from another by
multiplicative scaling up, then this should be a reversible
operation; i.e., scaling the experimental distribution down by an
appropriate factor should also produce overlap between experimental
and control distributions.  However, the existence of the detection
threshold can create a problem here as well.  For example, if an
experimental population with a larger mean amplitude, e.g., mEPSCs of
TTX-treated cells, is scaled down to determine its overlap with a
control distribution, the low-end mEPSCs will fall below the actual
experimental detection threshold (Fig. 3A). Because detectable mEPSCs
of control cells cannot have such small amplitudes, the calculated,
scaled- down TTX mEPSCs that fall below the threshold will not have
control counterparts.  This results in a non-overlapping portion of
the down-scaled distribution (gray area in Fig. 3A).  
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="text-indent: 0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
Noting that this gray region should be similar to the subthreshold
region in the original control distribution (cf. Figs. 2B and 3A), we
are led to propose another way to determine the degree of overlap of
two distributions acquired in the presence of a detection threshold. 
In this method, we exclude the down-scaled TTX mEPSCs that fall below
the detection threshold, defined as the smallest mEPSC amplitude in
the control group.  We then determine the scaling factor that will
provide the best overlap between the control mEPSCs and the
suprathreshold mEPSCs in the down-scaled TTX group.  With the
experimental data shown in Fig. 1A, we first scaled down the
individual mEPSCs of TTX-treated cells with an arbitrary scaling
factor, and then excluded the scaled TTX amplitudes that fell below
the threshold. The distribution of the suprathreshold TTX data was
then compared with that of control data, and the degree of overlap
was judged with a K-S test. This procedure was repeated with a series
of scaling factors, and the number that produced the best overlap
(i.e., the highest <i>p</i> value of the K-S test) was chosen as the
factor to be used for multiplicative scaling (Figs. 3B,C).  In this
example, when mEPSC amplitudes of TTX-treated cells were scaled down
by a factor of 1.181, the scaled TTX population overlapped most
extensively with the control distribution (Figs. 3B,C).  This was
therefore the best estimate of the underlying multiplicative scaling
factor.  Using this factor, we find that the TTX-treated mEPSCs do
scale in a true multiplicative way with the original data (<i>p</i> =
0.041, K-S test, i.e. not significant, see Materials and Methods;
Fig. 3B).  Thus, by taking into consideration the occurrence of
subthreshold data, our new method reveals that, in contrast to the
conclusion obtained with the conventional method (e.g., Fig. 1C), a
simple <i>y</i> = <i>ax </i>transformation adequately represents the
underlying scaling process – it was not necessary to include an
additive correction factor.  
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="text-indent: 0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
The scaling pattern of mIPSCs was also tested with the new method. 
The control mIPSCs, which had a larger mean amplitude than did the
TTX group, were scaled down by dividing the amplitudes by various
scaling factors.  The down-scaled control data that fell below the
detection threshold were discarded, and then the scaled control
mIPSCs above the threshold were compared with the TTX-treated mIPSCs.
 The best overlap between the scaled control and the TTX groups was
generated with a scaling factor of 0.6769 (<i>p</i> = 0.0025, K-S
test; Figs. 3D,E).  This result again shows no significant difference
between the two distributions and therefore implies a multiplicative
scaling of mIPSCs.  Thus our procedure may be adequate, unlike the
method of rank-order plots, for assessing multiplicative scaling when
a detection threshold affects data collection.  As a different
alternative approach, we also tried to determine if two mEPSC
distributions match by comparing their means, but found this to be
less sensitive in determining the maximum overlap of two
distributions (Supplemental Fig. S1).  The previous test for
multiplicative scaling and ours made two contrasting conclusions
(Table 1): the original method implied that transformations involving
mixtures of multiplicative and additive scaling factors were in
operation for both mEPSCs and mIPSC, whereas our test was able to
extract purely multiplicative changes.     
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0;">
<br style="">
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
<u><b>Comparison between the two methods</b></u></p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="text-indent: 0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
We examined the sensitivity of our method with simulated data, to
determine if it could correctly identify a non-multiplicative scaling
transformation.  To generate a data set that is scaled in a
non-multiplicative fashion, we arithmetically transformed mIPSC
amplitudes recorded experimentally from untreated cells (Fig. 4A). 
Each one of 3,500 amplitude values was multiplied by 1.5 and
subtracted by 20 pA to simulate a scaling process with both
multiplicative and subtractive components.  This transformation
resulted in 3,345 of 3,500 amplitude values that remained above the
detection threshold, which was the smallest amplitude in real
experiments, 9.07 pA.  This subset of data was called the “treatment
group”.  The “control group” should be in principle the mother
group containing all 3,500 values, but for the data pairing in a
rank-order plot, we needed to select the same number (3,345) of data
points.  The control group therefore was made by randomly selecting
3,345 values from the mother group.  The random selection kept the
distribution property of the control group the same as that of the
mother group (<i>p</i> = 1, K-S test between control and mother
groups; data not shown). 
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="text-indent: 0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
If our new method is sufficiently sensitive, it should be able to
detect the non-multiplicative scaling of the treatment group when
compared with the control group.  Using the test introduced in Fig.
3, we scaled down the treatment group and compared it with the
control group using a K-S test (Fig. 4B).  When the scaling factor
was 0.8335, the distribution of the scaled treatment group showed the
most overlap with that of the control group (i.e., the highest <i>p</i>
value of K-S test; Figs. 4B,C).  However, even when the overlap was
maximized, the two distributions were significantly different from
each other (<i>p</i> = 3.23<font face="Symbol, serif"></font>10<sup>–6</sup>,
K-S test), suggesting that the treatment group was not the result of
multiplicative scaling of the control group.  This shows that our
test methods can effectively detect a non-multiplicative scaling
transformation. 
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="text-indent: 0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
The test results arising from the conventional method (Figs. 4D,E)
are in clear contrast to that of our new test.  For the conventional
test, we rank-ordered the control and treatment groups respectively
and plotted the rank-ordered treatment values against the control
ones.  Linear regression of the rank-ordered data generated a fitting
line of <i>y</i> = 1.52<i>x</i> – 16.3 (Fig. 4E).  The treatment
group was scaled back using this equation and compared with the
control group.  The distributions of the control and scaled treatment
groups were not significantly different from each other (<i>p</i> =
0.383, K-S test; Fig. 4D), thus giving the impression that the
treatment group might be scaled multiplicatively from the control
data.  We additionally examined the data using the conventional test
with origin-passing linear regression, <i>y</i> = 1.420<i>x</i>, but
the conclusion was the same: the scaled treatment group had a similar
distribution with that of the control group (<i>p</i> =<u> </u>0.113,
K-S test; data not shown).  These results indicate once again that
the conventional test can lead to false conclusions about underlying
scaling transformations.    
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0;">
<br style="">
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
<b>DISCUSSION</b></p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="text-indent: 0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
We have re-examined the original procedure that was developed to
assess the pattern of homeostatic synaptic plasticity, which can
occur during development or disorders of neural networks.  For
example, the conventional method appeared to show that a population
of synapses underwent a multiplicative scaling transformation during
the homeostatic plasticity .  This procedure is based on comparison
of amplitude distributions, but the existence of detection thresholds
led to the requirement of the correction factor.  As a result, the
scaling pattern was determined to be a transformation of <i>y</i> =
<i>ax</i> + <i>b</i>, rather than simply <i>y</i> = <i>ax</i>.  While
this small factor (<i>b</i>) was thought to be negligible, we find
that in fact it markedly altered the analysis and yielded inaccurate
results.  To overcome this problem, we developed a new method, in
which subthreshold values that can distort the test are discarded
before statistical comparisons are made. The new method not only
produces more accurate assessments of the existence of multiplicative
scaling, but it also successfully detects the occurrence of a
non-multiplicative scaling transformation as shown with the simulated
data (Fig. 4).  The net result is a more sensitive test that can
distinguish multiplicative scaling from other transformations.  Some
physiological implications of these results, comparison of the new
method with other methods, and limitations of the new method are
discussed below. 
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="text-indent: 0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%">
The question of whether or not multiplicative scaling accurately
describes homeostatic plasticity within a synaptic population has
important consequences for understanding the nature of the
plasticity.  No test that examines a population of events can
unambiguously identify the underlying cellular mechanisms involved at
each synapse.  Nevertheless, a truly multiplicative transformation
would imply that: 1) every synapse in the population was affected
and, 2) every synapse was affected to a degree proportional to its
own original strength.  Hence, whether or not a transformation of
population responses is truly multiplicative may be useful in
<i>excluding</i> certain potential candidate mechanisms.  For
example, if multiplicative scaling accurately describes enhancement
of synaptic strengths across a population, then any form of
plasticity that affected only a subset of synapses would be ruled out
as being solely responsible.  Well-established candidates such as: 1)
the unsilencing of silent synapses, 2) the selective elimination of
only weak synapses, or 3) the emergence of new synapses, or  4)
addition of a fixed number (rather than percentage) of receptors to
each synapse, are incompatible with the observation of a
multiplicative scaling of a population of events.  Similarly, if the
population showed a multiplicative down-scaling, then selective
elimination of a subset of synapses, or the removal of a fixed number
of receptors from each synapse, could be ruled out.  In contrast,
rejection of the multiplicative scaling hypothesis might mean that
the population was not uniformly altered, and this could lead to a
search for the relevant groups of synapses and investigation of the
mechanism working at each subset.  In this case, the kinds of
mechanisms that are incompatible with multiplicative scaling would
now be favored.  This consideration underscores the importance of
correctly determining whether or not multiplicative scaling actually
occurs.   
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="text-indent: 0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
There have been other variations  of the original analysis method . 
In one study , rank-order plots of mE/IPSCs were fitted with <i>y</i>
= <i>ax</i> + <i>b</i>, but only the slope was used as a scaling
factor with the aim of obtaining a pure multiplicative
transformation. However, this cannot overcome the problem of
subthreshold values, as explained in Fig. 2D.  In another study ,
control mEPSCs were multiplied by a factor without additive
correction to match the “average” mEPSC amplitudes of control and
treatment groups.  However, matching of mean amplitudes does not
guarantee the maximum overlap of two distribution curves
(Supplemental Fig. S1).  Alternatively, linear fitting of a
rank-order plot was done on only 10–90th percentile of mIPSC
amplitudes to avoid distortion of fitting result caused by
near-threshold values and large, scarce events . Because this study
again used <i>y</i> = <i>ax</i> + <i>b</i>, it could not conclusively
identify true multiplicative scaling.  Previous studies  determined,
using modified traditional test methods, that the homeostatic
plasticity of mEPSCs in vivo reflected non-multiplicative scaling. 
It would be informative if these data were re-analyzed using the new
test.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="text-indent: 0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
Despite its advantages, our new method does have some limitations. 
Because subthreshold values after arithmetic transformation are
discarded, very small amplitudes are not subjected to the test. 
Therefore, the scaling pattern of very small events might not always
be reliably determined.   To investigate this possibility, we
observed that the data simulated by <i>ax</i> + <i>b</i> (Fig. 4)
indeed had different scaling rules for small and large amplitude
events, and that our method successfully detected the
non-multiplicative scaling transformation.  However, we cannot
conclude from this single example that the new method will always
succeed, and the caveat must be kept in mind.  It would be
interesting to examine multiplicative scaling in cells that have very
large miniature synaptic currents. If all large mE/IPSCs could be
accurately detected, a test for multiplicative scaling should not
require the threshold-related correction that is introduced here.  
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="text-indent: 0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%">
It is of course possible to imagine more complicated forms of
non-multiplicative scaling that would not be detected by our
analytical procedure (or others).  For example, if subsets of
synapses within a population experienced opposite and off-setting
changes (one group became stronger and another weaker in a precisely
balanced way), this might erroneously appear to be a multiplicative
scaling effect.   An ideal way to remove such limitations would
involve specifically tracking each of thousands of individual
synapses over the time course of several days or more.  Such an
approach is presently beyond the reach of current experimental
methods, and until it is, analytical methods for assessing population
changes, such as proposed here, should continue to be useful.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
	The maintenance of relative synaptic weights, i.e., memory stored at
synapses, could be a challenging task for neurons during homeostatic
synaptic plasticity.  It is believed that the risk of memory loss
during homeostatic scaling could be prevented by global and
multiplicative scaling .  This model contains two slightly different
concepts: first, “global” scaling means that neurons can sense
their own firing rate and adjust the strengths of all synapse onto
them in a cell-autonomous manner .  Second, multiplicative scaling
implies the magnitude of change (i.e., fold change) is maintained
across synapses .  The evidence for global scaling is undoubtedly
strong , but some observations are contradictory to the global
scaling hypothesis and support the “local scaling” hypothesis . 
In the local scaling of synapses, an individual synapse has its own
target strength and any deviation from it would be adjusted
homeostatically .  The local homeostatic scaling appears to be an
intrinsic eraser of Hebbian plasticity, but computational studies
suggested that relative synaptic strengths can still be preserved ,
for example, by working as dendrite-wide scaling .</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="text-indent: 0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
Unlike the global scaling, the existence of multiplicative scaling
has weaker experimental support.  The determination of the occurrence
of multiplicative scaling has entirely depended on the test using
rank-order plots of miniature synaptic current .  We have stressed
here the major problems of the conventional method.  A transformation
of amplitudes by <i>y</i> = <i>ax</i> + <i>b</i> should not be
interpreted as multiplicative scaling but instead a sum of
multiplicative and additive changes.  In fact, this type of
transformation simply means that two populations are on the same
distribution function, i.e., of the same shape.  For such
distributions, multiplication of one population and then addition of
a constant (i.e., sliding of distribution histogram on <i>x</i>-axis)
will always result in overlap with the other distribution. 
Therefore, overlap after transformation by <i>y = ax + b</i> can be
used as an indication that two populations have the same distribution
function (for example, an alpha function), or the same skewness of
the distributions as tested with the simulated data (Figs. 4D,E). 
Even a fitting of rank-order plots with <i>y</i> = <i>ax</i> cannot
reveal the underlying scaling pattern because of subthreshold values
(Figs. 2C,D) and this is confirmed by simulated data (Fig. 4).  
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="text-indent: 0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
Despite the multiplicative synaptic scaling that was revealed by our
new test, recent experimental findings conflict with the hypothesis
that simple multiplicative scaling always occurs. Homeostatic
plasticity onto a given neuron is afferent- or target-specific,
resulting in heterogeneous changes .  Non-uniform homeostatic
plasticity also occurs even with purely excitatory synapses in
neuronal cultures, where some subsets of synapses are affected more
than others .  These examples of heterogeneous plasticity are
different from the aforementioned local synaptic scaling because
these heterogeneities occur even when all the synapses experience the
same manipulation, e.g., activity deprivation, whereas the local
scaling postulates any synapses of which activity is perturbed would
change its strength.   However, multiplicative scaling and
synapse-specific homeostatic plasticity are not necessarily mutually
exclusive if multiplicative scaling occurs uniformly across one type
of synapse.  In addition, if homeostatic scaling (i.e., amplitude
change) originates from a postsynaptic mechanism and other
afferent-specific modifications are presynaptic, multiplicative
scaling may be co-expressed with heterogeneous, synapses-specific
changes.  Indeed, this appears to be the case for inhibitory synapses
in the hippocampus:  mIPSCs in TTX-treated slice cultures display
multiplicative scaling (Fig. 3D), whereas GABAergic synapses in the
same preparation experience synapse-specific changes in presynaptic
release probability .</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="text-indent: 0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
Our analysis revealed seemingly authentic multiplicative scaling of
mEPSCs and mIPSCs in activity-deprived hippocampal slice cultures. 
Despite the beneficial roles of homeostatic plasticity in network
maintenance and memory preservation, it may also have adverse
effects.  Homeostatic increases in excitability might elevate the
chance of epileptic activity, or network destabilization . These
studies suggest that homeostatic plasticity might have both good and
bad influences on network operation. The detailed evaluation of
functional significance of synaptic homeostasis is critical in
understanding the adaptation of neuronal networks to chronic activity
perturbation, and the determination of synaptic scaling patterns will
be an essential component of this endeavor.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0;">
<br style="">
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0;">
<br style="">
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
<b>ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS </b>
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0;">
<br style="">
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
We thank Drs. Wade Regehr and John Huguenard, and the members of the
Tsien lab and the Alger lab for helpful comments and suggestions on
this work. 
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0;">
<br style="">
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0;">
<br style="">
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
<b>AUTHOR CONTRIBUTIONS</b></p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0;">
<br style="">
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
Conceived and designed the experiments: JK RWT BEA.  Performed the
experiments: JK. Analyzed the data: JK RWT BEA.  Contributed
reagents/materials/analysis tools: JK RWT BEA.  Wrote the paper: JK
RWT BEA.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0;">
<br style="">
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0;">
<br style="">
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0; page-break-before: always">
<b>REFERENCES</b></p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0;">
<br style="">
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p lang="" class="western" style="margin-left: 0.5in; text-indent: -0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%"><a name="_ENREF_1"></a><a name="_ENREF_2"></a><a name="_ENREF_3"></a><a name="_ENREF_4"></a><a name="_ENREF_5"></a><a name="_ENREF_6"></a><a name="_ENREF_7"></a><a name="_ENREF_8"></a><a name="_ENREF_9"></a><a name="_ENREF_10"></a><a name="_ENREF_11"></a><a name="_ENREF_12"></a><a name="_ENREF_13"></a><a name="_ENREF_14"></a><a name="_ENREF_15"></a><a name="_ENREF_16"></a><a name="_ENREF_17"></a><a name="_ENREF_18"></a><a name="_ENREF_19"></a><a name="_ENREF_20"></a><a name="_ENREF_21"></a><a name="_ENREF_22"></a><a name="_ENREF_23"></a><a name="_ENREF_24"></a><a name="_ENREF_25"></a><a name="_ENREF_26"></a><a name="_ENREF_27"></a><a name="_ENREF_28"></a><a name="_ENREF_29"></a><a name="_ENREF_30"></a><a name="_ENREF_31"></a><a name="_ENREF_32"></a>
1. Bliss TV, Collingridge GL (1993) A synaptic model of memory:
long-term potentiation in the hippocampus. Nature 361: 31-39.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p lang="" class="western" style="margin-left: 0.5in; text-indent: -0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%">
2. Abbott LF, Nelson SB (2000) Synaptic plasticity: taming the beast.
Nat Neurosci 3 Suppl: 1178-1183.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p lang="" class="western" style="margin-left: 0.5in; text-indent: -0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%">
3. Turrigiano GG, Nelson SB (2004) Homeostatic plasticity in the
developing nervous system. Nat Rev Neurosci 5: 97-107.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p lang="" class="western" style="margin-left: 0.5in; text-indent: -0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%">
4. Turrigiano GG (2008) The self-tuning neuron: synaptic scaling of
excitatory synapses. Cell 135: 422-435.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p lang="" class="western" style="margin-left: 0.5in; text-indent: -0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%">
5. Burrone J, Murthy VN (2003) Synaptic gain control and homeostasis.
Curr Opin Neurobiol 13: 560-567.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p lang="" class="western" style="margin-left: 0.5in; text-indent: -0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%">
6. Turrigiano GG, Leslie KR, Desai NS, Rutherford LC, Nelson SB
(1998) Activity-dependent scaling of quantal amplitude in neocortical
neurons. Nature 391: 892-896.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p lang="" class="western" style="margin-left: 0.5in; text-indent: -0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%">
7. Kim J, Tsien RW (2008) Synapse-specific adaptations to inactivity
in hippocampal circuits achieve homeostatic gain control while
dampening network reverberation. Neuron 58: 925-937.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p lang="" class="western" style="margin-left: 0.5in; text-indent: -0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%">
8. Kim J, Alger BE (2010) Reduction in endocannabinoid tone is a
homeostatic mechanism for specific inhibitory synapses. Nat Neurosci
13: 592-600.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p lang="" class="western" style="margin-left: 0.5in; text-indent: -0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%">
9. Kilman V, van Rossum MC, Turrigiano GG (2002) Activity deprivation
reduces miniature IPSC amplitude by decreasing the number of
postsynaptic GABA(A) receptors clustered at neocortical synapses. J
Neurosci 22: 1328-1337.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p lang="" class="western" style="margin-left: 0.5in; text-indent: -0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%">
10. Echegoyen J, Neu A, Graber KD, Soltesz I (2007) Homeostatic
plasticity studied using in vivo hippocampal activity-blockade:
synaptic scaling, intrinsic plasticity and age-dependence. PLoS ONE
2: e700.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p lang="" class="western" style="margin-left: 0.5in; text-indent: -0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%">
11. Murthy VN, Sejnowski TJ, Stevens CF (1997) Heterogeneous release
properties of visualized individual hippocampal synapses. Neuron 18:
599-612.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p lang="" class="western" style="margin-left: 0.5in; text-indent: -0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%">
12. Silver RA, Momiyama A, Cull-Candy SG (1998) Locus of
frequency-dependent depression identified with multiple-probability
fluctuation analysis at rat climbing fibre-Purkinje cell synapses. J
Physiol 510 ( Pt 3): 881-902.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p lang="" class="western" style="margin-left: 0.5in; text-indent: -0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%">
13. Song S, Sjostrom PJ, Reigl M, Nelson S, Chklovskii DB (2005)
Highly nonrandom features of synaptic connectivity in local cortical
circuits. PLoS Biol 3: e68.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p lang="" class="western" style="margin-left: 0.5in; text-indent: -0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%">
14. Goel A, Lee HK (2007) Persistence of experience-induced
homeostatic synaptic plasticity through adulthood in superficial
layers of mouse visual cortex. J Neurosci 27: 6692-6700.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p lang="" class="western" style="margin-left: 0.5in; text-indent: -0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%">
15. Turrigiano G (2012) Homeostatic synaptic plasticity: local and
global mechanisms for stabilizing neuronal function. Cold Spring Harb
Perspect Biol 4: a005736.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p lang="" class="western" style="margin-left: 0.5in; text-indent: -0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%">
16. Ibata K, Sun Q, Turrigiano GG (2008) Rapid synaptic scaling
induced by changes in postsynaptic firing. Neuron 57: 819-826.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p lang="" class="western" style="margin-left: 0.5in; text-indent: -0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%">
17. Hou Q, Zhang D, Jarzylo L, Huganir RL, Man HY (2008) Homeostatic
regulation of AMPA receptor expression at single hippocampal
synapses. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A 105: 775-780.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p lang="" class="western" style="margin-left: 0.5in; text-indent: -0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%">
18. Ju W, Morishita W, Tsui J, Gaietta G, Deerinck TJ, et al. (2004)
Activity-dependent regulation of dendritic synthesis and trafficking
of AMPA receptors. Nat Neurosci 7: 244-253.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p lang="" class="western" style="margin-left: 0.5in; text-indent: -0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%">
19. Sutton MA, Ito HT, Cressy P, Kempf C, Woo JC, et al. (2006)
Miniature neurotransmission stabilizes synaptic function via tonic
suppression of local dendritic protein synthesis. Cell 125: 785-799.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p lang="" class="western" style="margin-left: 0.5in; text-indent: -0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%">
20. Hou Q, Gilbert J, Man HY (2011) Homeostatic regulation of AMPA
receptor trafficking and degradation by light-controlled
single-synaptic activation. Neuron 72: 806-818.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p lang="" class="western" style="margin-left: 0.5in; text-indent: -0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%">
21. Tetzlaff C, Kolodziejski C, Timme M, Worgotter F (2011) Synaptic
scaling in combination with many generic plasticity mechanisms
stabilizes circuit connectivity. Front Comput Neurosci 5: 47.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p lang="" class="western" style="margin-left: 0.5in; text-indent: -0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%">
22. Rabinowitch I, Segev I (2008) Two opposing plasticity mechanisms
pulling a single synapse. Trends Neurosci 31: 377-383.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p lang="" class="western" style="margin-left: 0.5in; text-indent: -0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%">
23. Rabinowitch I, Segev I (2006) The endurance and selectivity of
spatial patterns of long-term potentiation/depression in dendrites
under homeostatic synaptic plasticity. J Neurosci 26: 13474-13484.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p lang="" class="western" style="margin-left: 0.5in; text-indent: -0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%">
24. Rabinowitch I, Segev I (2006) The interplay between homeostatic
synaptic plasticity and functional dendritic compartments. J
Neurophysiol 96: 276-283.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p lang="" class="western" style="margin-left: 0.5in; text-indent: -0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%">
25. Maffei A, Turrigiano GG (2008) Multiple modes of network
homeostasis in visual cortical layer 2/3. J Neurosci 28: 4377-4384.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p lang="" class="western" style="margin-left: 0.5in; text-indent: -0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%">
26. Maffei A, Nelson SB, Turrigiano GG (2004) Selective
reconfiguration of layer 4 visual cortical circuitry by visual
deprivation. Nat Neurosci 7: 1353-1359.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p lang="" class="western" style="margin-left: 0.5in; text-indent: -0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%">
27. Bartley AF, Huang ZJ, Huber KM, Gibson JR (2008) Differential
activity-dependent, homeostatic plasticity of two neocortical
inhibitory circuits. J Neurophysiol 100: 1983-1994.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p lang="" class="western" style="margin-left: 0.5in; text-indent: -0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%">
28. Mitra A, Mitra SS, Tsien RW (2011) Heterogeneous reallocation of
presynaptic efficacy in recurrent excitatory circuits adapting to
inactivity. Nat Neurosci 15: 250-257.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p lang="" class="western" style="margin-left: 0.5in; text-indent: -0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%">
29. Thiagarajan TC, Lindskog M, Tsien RW (2005) Adaptation to
synaptic inactivity in hippocampal neurons. Neuron 47: 725-737.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p lang="" class="western" style="margin-left: 0.5in; text-indent: -0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%">
30. Moulder KL, Jiang X, Taylor AA, Olney JW, Mennerick S (2006)
Physiological activity depresses synaptic function through an effect
on vesicle priming. J Neurosci 26: 6618-6626.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p lang="" class="western" style="margin-left: 0.5in; text-indent: -0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%">
31. Houweling AR, Bazhenov M, Timofeev I, Steriade M, Sejnowski TJ
(2005) Homeostatic synaptic plasticity can explain post-traumatic
epileptogenesis in chronically isolated neocortex. Cereb Cortex 15:
834-845.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p lang="" class="western" style="margin-left: 0.5in; text-indent: -0.5in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%">
32. Trasande CA, Ramirez JM (2007) Activity deprivation leads to
seizures in hippocampal slice cultures: is epilepsy the consequence
of homeostatic plasticity? J Clin Neurophysiol 24: 154-164.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p lang="" class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%;">
<br style="">
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%"></p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; page-break-before: always">
<b>FIGURE LEGENDS</b></p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0;">
<br style="">
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
<b>Figure 1.</b>  Test for multiplicative scaling of mEPSC amplitudes
with a rank-order plot of amplitudes. <b>A.</b> mEPSCs were recorded
from CA1 pyramidal neurons in slice cultures of rat hippocampus. For
induction of homeostatic plasticity of synapses, slice cultures were
treated with 1–1.5 <font face="Symbol, serif"></font>M TTX for
3–4 days. Rank-ordered amplitudes of mEPSCs in TTX-treated cells
were plotted against rank-ordered control mEPSCs. A total of 700
mEPSCs, with 100 events per cell, were collected. The straight lines
are linear fits with variable (blue) or zero (green) <i>y</i>-intercept.
<b>B. </b>Cumulative histograms of mEPSC amplitudes.  Individual
mEPSC amplitudes in TTX-treated cells were transformed with the
equation <i>y</i> = 1.6<i>x</i> – 4.9.  The distribution of
transformed values almost exactly overlaps the control distribution. 
The <i>p</i> value is from a K-S test between control and scaled TTX
group.  <b>C.</b> Cumulative histograms were obtained as in B
(control and TTX plots are the same as those in B), but the TTX group
was scaled with the equation <i>y</i> = 1.27<i>x</i>.  The <i>p</i>
value from a K-S test shows significant differences between control
and scaled TTX groups.  <b>D.</b> mIPSCs were obtained from control
and TTX-treated slice cultures of hippocampus.  The rank-order plot
(D) and the cumulative histograms (E,F) were constructed in a similar
manner to those in A-C.  <b>E. </b>Cumulative histogram of mIPSC
amplitudes.  The amplitudes of TTX-treated mIPSCs were transformed
with <i>y</i> = 0.55<i>x</i> – 7.4. Again, the transformed
distribution shows nearly complete overlap with the control
distribution.  The <i>p</i> value is from a K-S test between control
and scaled TTX group.  <b>F.</b> The TTX group was scaled with the
equation <i>y</i> = 0.60<i>x</i>.  The distributions of the control
and scaled TTX groups are significantly different from each other
(K-S test).  
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0;">
<br style="">
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
<b>Figure 2.</b>  Schematic diagrams illustrating the inadequacy of
the previous test for multiplicative scaling. <b>A.</b> Hypothetical
distribution curves, in which all of the mEPSC amplitudes are
included without a detection threshold. The TTX-treated mEPSCs are
assumed to be two-fold larger than the controls (i.e., multiplicative
scaling; left). If the control population is multiplied by two
(right), the scaled control curve becomes identical to the TTX curve.
<b>B.</b> Schematic diagrams similar to A, but a detection threshold
of mEPSC amplitude limits the minimum amplitude (left), as in
realistic mEPSC recordings. If the suprathreshold control values
(i.e., excluding the gray area) are multiplied by two (right), the
minimum offset of the scaled curve (red) will be shifted by two-fold,
resulting in a mismatch with the TTX curve (left graph). This
suggests that a transformation of <i>y = ax </i>cannot be used to
test for multiplicative scaling when a detection threshold is
present. <b>C.</b> Schematic diagrams show how the exclusion of
subthreshold amplitudes invalidates the rank-order method of the
conventional multiplicative scaling test.  Hypothetical mEPSC
amplitudes distributed evenly are rank-order plotted. TTX-treated
mEPSCs (open circles) are assumed to be two-fold larger (<i>y</i> =
2<i>x</i>) than control ones (filled circles). The left graph shows
an ideal, full range of mEPSC amplitudes, including the subthreshold
values (&lt;10 pA; gray area). If the subthreshold data are
discarded, as in realistic mEPSC recordings, the rank-order plot of
TTX data will be shifted (blue arrows). A linear fit of the TTX data
in the resultant rank-order plot (right graph) now gives <i>y</i> =
2<i>x</i> – 8.  <b>D.</b> Schematic illustrations similar to C, but
with data distributed unevenly. The TTX data (open circles) again
constitute a multiplicative scaling of the controls by a two-fold
(left graph). The exclusion of subthreshold data points (gray area)
will cause a shift of the remaining data by different distances (blue
arrows). A linear fit of the new rank-order plot of TTX-treated data
(right graph) yields an equation that loses information about the
original multiplicative scaling factor. When the TTX data in the
right graph were fitted with a <i>y</i>-intercept of 0, the equation
was <i>y</i> = 1.45<i>x</i> (line not shown), again different from
the original scaling function.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0;">
<br style="">
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
<b>Figure 3.  </b>A new method of testing for the occurrence of
multiplicative scaling. <b>A.</b> Schematic diagrams of distributions
of mEPSC amplitudes illustrate the new method of estimating a true
multiplicative scaling factor. Only suprathreshold data (Suprathr.)
are shown in the left graph.  Multiplicative down-scaling of TTX data
(from red curve to blue one) results in a small portion of data
(gray) falling below the detection threshold.  Because the data in
the gray area are invisible in experimental recording, they are
discarded for comparison with the control data. The degree of overlap
is measured between the control (black curve) and the scaled TTX data
(blue curve) excluding the gray area. <b>B.</b> Cumulative histograms
of experimental data shown in Fig. 1A. To derive the distribution of
scaled TTX data (blue), the TTX-treated mEPSCs were divided by 1.181,
which yielded the maximum overlap between control and scaled TTX data
excluding subthreshold values. The threshold is defined as the
smallest detectable amplitude of control mEPSCs. A K-S test showed no
significant difference between control and scaled TTX groups (<i>p</i>
&gt; 10<sup>–4</sup>), suggesting the occurrence of multiplicative
scaling.  <b>C.</b> With other scaling factors, the degrees of
overlap between control and scaled TTX data excluding subthreshold
values were also examined.  The degree of overlap of the histograms
was quantified by confidence level (<i>p</i> value) of K-S test. The
largest <i>p</i> (0.041) was obtained when mEPSC amplitudes of the
TTX group were divided by 1.181.  <b>D.</b> A test for multiplicative
scaling was performed with mIPSCs in a similar manner to that in A–C.
 Because the mean amplitude of control mIPSCs was larger than that of
TTX-treated ones, control mIPSC amplitudes were scaled down by
multiplying by 0.6769.  A K-S test between scaled control and TTX
data (<i>p</i> &gt; 10<sup>–4</sup>) revealed multiplicative
scaling. <b>E.</b> The degrees of overlap between scaled control and
TTX data excluding subthreshold values were assessed with various
scaling factors.  The largest <i>p</i> (0.0025) was obtained with a
scaling factor of 0.6769.  
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0;">
<br style="">
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
<b>Figure 4.</b>  Tests for multiplicative scaling using two
different methods and simulated data sets.  <b>A.</b> Data simulation
scheme.  mIPSC amplitudes (n = 3,500) recorded experimentally from
untreated cells were arithmetically transformed: i.e., they were
multiplied by 1.5 and subtracted by 20 pA.  After the transformation,
3,345 values were above the detection threshold and this set was
called the “treatment group”.  Randomly selected values from the
experimental group made up the “control group” (n = 3,345).  <b>B-C.</b>
As in Fig. 3, the treatment group was scaled down and compared with
the control group using K-S tests.  When the scaling factor was
0.8335, the distribution of the scaled treated group most completely
overlapped that of the control group.  The <i>p</i> value (K-S test)
shows significant difference between the control and scaled treatment
groups.   <b>D-E.</b> In the conventional test, the amplitudes of
control and treatment groups were rank-ordered and plotted against
each other.  The treatment group was scaled back using the linear
regression equation.  The distributions of control and scaled
treatment groups were not significantly different from each other
(K-S test).</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0;">
<br style="">
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
<b>Supplemental Figure S1.  </b>A match of two distribution curves is
determined from the means of mE/IPSC amplitudes. <b>A.</b> Cumulative
histograms of experimentally recorded mEPSCs that were presented in
Fig. 1A. The method of data processing (scaling and exclusion of
subthreshold values) was the same as that in Fig. 3, except that the
best match of control and scaled TTX distributions was determined by
the similarity of the means of the two groups. The scaled TTX data
(blue) were generated by dividing the TTX-treated mEPSCs by 1.264.
The threshold was defined as the smallest amplitude of control
mEPSCs. K-S test showed a similarity between control and scaled TTX
data (<i>p</i> &gt; 10<sup>–4</sup>) suggesting an occurrence of
multiplicative scaling, but the <i>p</i> value is much smaller than
that in Fig. 3B, suggesting that this method is less sensitive than
the test in Fig. 3 in determining the maximum overlap of two
populations.  <b>B.</b> With other scaling factors, the mean mEPSC
amplitude of the scaled TTX group was compared with that of the
control group, after the exclusion of subthreshold values. Two mean
values were the same with a scaling factor of 1.264.  <b>C-D.</b> The
same process as in A-B was done with the mIPSC data.  When the
control mIPSC amplitudes were multiplied by 0.6295 and subthreshold
values were discarded, the mean amplitude of the scaled control data
was the same as the mean of TTX-treated data.  The distributions of
the TTX and scaled control groups were significantly different from
each other (<i>p</i> = 1.95 <font face="Symbol, serif"></font>
10<sup>–7</sup>, K-S test), suggesting a lack of multiplicative
scaling of mIPSCs.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0; page-break-before: always">
<b>Table 1.</b>  Summary of <i>p</i> values from K-S tests between
two populations of mEPSC or mIPSC amplitudes.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0;">
<br style="">
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><div class="aloha-table-wrapper aloha-block aloha-block-DefaultBlock" data-block-skip-scope="true" id="c0d6b33b-de9f-b5de-2d85-c659b85bd4f6" contenteditable="false" data-aloha-block-type="DefaultBlock"><span class="aloha-block-handle aloha-block-draghandle aloha-block-draghandle-blocklevel"></span><div class="aloha-table-wrapper aloha-block aloha-block-DefaultBlock" data-block-skip-scope="true" id="1f49df74-d84d-3fb8-5732-bfe41ea165ad" contenteditable="false" data-aloha-block-type="DefaultBlock"><table width="634" cellpadding="5" cellspacing="0" id="56261d16-6138-f0cb-af80-c8d00238af3c" class="aloha-table" contenteditable="false">
	<colgroup><col width="163">
	<col width="146">
	<col width="146">
	<col width="139">
	</colgroup><tbody><tr class="aloha-table-selectcolumn" style="height: 10px;"><td class="aloha-table-leftuppercorner"><div style="width: 25px; height: 12px;" class="aloha-wai-red"></div></td><td>&nbsp;</td><td>&nbsp;</td><td>&nbsp;</td><td>&nbsp;</td><td>&nbsp;</td></tr><tr class="aloha-table-selectcolumn" style="height: 10px;"><td class="aloha-table-selectrow" style="width: 10px;">&nbsp;</td><td class="aloha-table-leftuppercorner"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable"><div style="width: 25px; height: 12px;" class="aloha-wai-red"></div></div></td><td><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable">&nbsp;</div></td><td><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable">&nbsp;</div></td><td><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable">&nbsp;</div></td><td><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable">&nbsp;</div></td></tr><tr valign="TOP"><td class="aloha-table-selectrow" style="width: 10px;">&nbsp;</td><td class="aloha-table-selectrow" style="width: 10px;"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable">&nbsp;</div></td>
		<td width="163" style="border: none; padding: 0in"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable">
			<p class="western" style="widows: 0; orphans: 0"><br>
			</p>
		</div></div></td>
		<td width="146" style="border: none; padding: 0in"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable">
			<p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
			Previous method</p>
			<p class="western" style="widows: 0; orphans: 0">of rank-ordering 
			(Fig. 1BE)</p>
		</div></div></td>
		<td width="146" style="border: none; padding: 0in"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable">
			<p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
			Previous method</p>
			<p class="western" style="widows: 0; orphans: 0">of rank-ordering 
			(Fig. 1CF)</p>
		</div></div></td>
		<td width="139" style="border: none; padding: 0in"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable">
			<p class="western" style="widows: 0; orphans: 0">New method  (Fig.
			3BD)</p>
		</div></div></td>
	</tr>
	<tr valign="TOP"><td class="aloha-table-selectrow" style="width: 10px;">&nbsp;</td><td class="aloha-table-selectrow" style="width: 10px;"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable">&nbsp;</div></td>
		<td width="163" style="border: none; padding: 0in"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable">
			<p class="western" style="widows: 0; orphans: 0">Rank-order
			fitting equation</p>
		</div></div></td>
		<td width="146" style="border: none; padding: 0in"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable">
			<p class="western" style="widows: 0; orphans: 0"><i>y = ax + b</i></p>
		</div></div></td>
		<td width="146" style="border: none; padding: 0in"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable">
			<p class="western" style="widows: 0; orphans: 0"><i>y = ax</i></p>
		</div></div></td>
		<td width="139" style="border: none; padding: 0in"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable">
			<p class="western" style="widows: 0; orphans: 0">N.A.</p>
		</div></div></td>
	</tr>
	<tr valign="TOP"><td class="aloha-table-selectrow" style="width: 10px;">&nbsp;</td><td class="aloha-table-selectrow" style="width: 10px;"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable">&nbsp;</div></td>
		<td width="163" style="border: none; padding: 0in"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable">
			<p class="western" style="widows: 0; orphans: 0">K-S test of
			experimental mEPSC data 
			</p>
		</div></div></td>
		<td width="146" style="border: none; padding: 0in"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable">
			<p class="western" style="widows: 0; orphans: 0">0.53 (N.S.) 
			</p>
		</div></div></td>
		<td width="146" style="border: none; padding: 0in"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable">
			<p class="western" style="widows: 0; orphans: 0">9.7 × 10<sup>–9</sup>
			(*)</p>
		</div></div></td>
		<td width="139" style="border: none; padding: 0in"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable">
			<p class="western" style="widows: 0; orphans: 0">0.041 (N.S.) 
			</p>
		</div></div></td>
	</tr>
	<tr valign="TOP"><td class="aloha-table-selectrow" style="width: 10px;">&nbsp;</td><td class="aloha-table-selectrow" style="width: 10px;"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable">&nbsp;</div></td>
		<td width="163" style="border: none; padding: 0in"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable">
			<p class="western" style="widows: 0; orphans: 0">Interpretation of
			the mEPSC scaling</p>
		</div></div></td>
		<td width="146" style="border: none; padding: 0in"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable">
			<p class="western" style="widows: 0; orphans: 0">multiplicative &amp;
			additive</p>
		</div></div></td>
		<td width="146" style="border: none; padding: 0in"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable">
			<p class="western" style="widows: 0; orphans: 0">not
			multiplicative</p>
		</div></div></td>
		<td width="139" style="border: none; padding: 0in"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable">
			<p class="western" style="widows: 0; orphans: 0">Multiplicative</p>
		</div></div></td>
	</tr>
	<tr valign="TOP"><td class="aloha-table-selectrow" style="width: 10px;">&nbsp;</td><td class="aloha-table-selectrow" style="width: 10px;"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable">&nbsp;</div></td>
		<td width="163" style="border: none; padding: 0in"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable">
			<p class="western" style="widows: 0; orphans: 0">K-S test of
			experimental mIPSC data 
			</p>
		</div></div></td>
		<td width="146" style="border: none; padding: 0in"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable">
			<p class="western" style="widows: 0; orphans: 0">0.011 (N.S.) 
			</p>
		</div></div></td>
		<td width="146" style="border: none; padding: 0in"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable">
			<p class="western" style="widows: 0; orphans: 0">1.3 × 10<sup>–14</sup>
			(*)</p>
		</div></div></td>
		<td width="139" style="border: none; padding: 0in"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable">
			<p class="western" style="widows: 0; orphans: 0">0.0025 (N.S.) 
			</p>
		</div></div></td>
	</tr>
	<tr valign="TOP"><td class="aloha-table-selectrow" style="width: 10px;">&nbsp;</td><td class="aloha-table-selectrow" style="width: 10px;"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable">&nbsp;</div></td>
		<td width="163" style="border: none; padding: 0in"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable">
			<p class="western" style="widows: 0; orphans: 0">Interpretation of
			the mIPSC scaling</p>
		</div></div></td>
		<td width="146" style="border: none; padding: 0in"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable">
			<p class="western" style="widows: 0; orphans: 0">multiplicative &amp;
			additive</p>
		</div></div></td>
		<td width="146" style="border: none; padding: 0in"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable">
			<p class="western" style="widows: 0; orphans: 0">not
			multiplicative</p>
		</div></div></td>
		<td width="139" style="border: none; padding: 0in"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable"><div contenteditable="true" class="aloha-table-cell-editable">
			<p class="western" style="widows: 0; orphans: 0">Multiplicative</p>
		</div></div></td>
	</tr>
</tbody></table></div></div><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0;">
<br style="">
</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0">
Amplitudes of TTX-treated mEPSCs (Fig. 1) or control mIPSCs (Fig. 3)
were scaled with the indicated scaling equations.  For both mEPSCs
and mIPSCs, the widely accepted method of rank-order plotting
suggested a mixture of multiplicative and additive changes, but the
new test proposed here revealed multiplicative scaling only.  N.A.,
not applicable.  N.S., not significant.  *, significant, <i>p</i> &lt;
10<sup>–4</sup>.</p><h1 style="">
</h1><p class="western" style="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 150%; widows: 0; orphans: 0;">
<br style="">
</p><h1 style=""><br style=""></h1>
</body></html>
