
    <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
    <!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
        "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
    <html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head><link href="objavi.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/></head>
    <body>
    
    
    <!--?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?--><link href="objavi.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet">
    
    
    
    <!--?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?--><link href="objavi.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet">
    
    
    
    <!--?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?--><link href="objavi.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet">
    
    
    
    <!--?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?--><link href="objavi.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet">
    
    
    
    <!--?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?--><link href="objavi.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet">
    <h1 style="">Introduction</h1><p style="">This is a book about Book Sprints. It will give you an understanding of what Book Sprints are, the background, the philosophy embedded in the process and some straight out mechanics to help you do your own Book Sprints. </p><p style="">The book is aimed primarily at those wanting to facilitate Book Sprints. While the pages here will give you an idea on how to facilitate, and help you on your way, it will not make you a good facilitator. The only thing that can do that is experience and perhaps strange and undocumented nuances of your personality.&nbsp;</p><p style="">Facilitation is a murky art. Part mechanics, part intuition, part experience, part gutsy on the fly innovation. Facilitation calls on you to get outside of yourself and become part of the flow and dynamic of the people and ideas around you. You need to be able to shape that flow and point all its energy in the right direction. That means stepping out of the way as much as it means stepping up and breaking processes that are not working.</p><p style="">Being a good facilitator means you will often feel scared, out of your depth, and weird. You will also often feel bored, confronted, tired, angry, a desperate failure, and out of place. You need to be able to feel all that and still hold strong to the belief that making up as you going along is the only way to succeed. That's all normal. If you don't feel those things you are probably doing a bad job.</p><p style=""> If you can deal with all that you are possibly a good first candidate for reading this book and giving it a go.</p><p style=""><span lang="hi" xml:lang="hi" style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: sans-serif; font-size: 13px; line-height: 19.1875px; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);"><b>अनुच्छेद</b></span><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: sans-serif; font-size: 13px; line-height: 19.1875px; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">&nbsp;</span><b style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: sans-serif; font-size: 13px; line-height: 19.1875px; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">1</b><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: sans-serif; font-size: 13px; line-height: 19.1875px; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">&nbsp;—&nbsp;</span><span lang="hi" xml:lang="hi" style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: sans-serif; font-size: 13px; line-height: 19.1875px; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">सभी मनुष्यों को गौरव और अधिकारों के मामले में जन्मजात स्वतन्त्रता और समानता प्राप्त है। उन्हें बुद्धि और अन्तरात्मा की देन प्राप्त है और परस्पर उन्हें भाईचारे के भाव से बर्ताव करना चाहिये।</span><br style=""></p>
    

    

    

    </body></html>
