
    <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
    <!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
        "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
    <html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head><link href="objavi.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/></head>
    <body>
    
    
    <!--?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?--><link href="objavi.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet">
    
    
    
    <!--?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?--><link href="objavi.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet">
    
    
    
    <!--?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?--><link href="objavi.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet">
    
    
    
    <!--?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?--><link href="objavi.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet">
    
    
    
    <!--?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?--><link href="objavi.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet">
    <h1>Where did the idea come from?</h1><p>Well, Tomas Krag, a good friend of mine, once told me about this crazy idea of his. It was a pretty astonishing idea, nutty, naive and&nbsp;beautiful. He called his idea a Book Sprint and in the 5 minutes we had at an event in Budapest the idea went something like this:</p><p>In 2007 Tomas and a group of buddies, all very experienced and talented radio engineers and technicians, decided to write a free book about free wireless networks. The book was to be called "Wireless Networking in the Developing World". To write the book Tomas realised he had to collaboration was the only way to go. How, though, to collaborate on producing a book? What would this process look like and how would it work?&nbsp;</p><p>Tomas' idea was simple - get everyone together in the same room and just work it out and that is essentially what they did. They had a friend in London with an apartment so they paid for them to go on a holiday for a week and then invaded their flat. Good deal for everyone involved. Prior to the Book Sprint they had communicated by email and talked a lot about what the book should be. During the week in the London apartment they worked intensively together to thrash out a Table of Contents and then assign chapters to all involved. Everyone left London and went back home with a long todo list and ideas about what to write in their chapters.&nbsp;</p><p>Over the next 6 months or so the chapters were written and passed around via email. Everyone pitched in and commented and reviewed each others work. When all was more or less done they passed the content to an editor and then to a designer and finally released the book. In all, about 9 months from start to finish which is a pretty wonderful feat for a bunch of people working in their own time and operating outside the publishing industry. All DIY and released under a free licence and a very very good book.</p><p>Zero to book in 9 months. An impressive achievement.</p><p>Unfortunately when Tomas explained this process to me I understood it all wrong. We were at an event organised by Allen Gunn (Gunner) and I was doing a 'speed geek' presentation. 5 minutes to present a project I had founded - FLOSS Manuals - and the platform we had developed for collaborative production of books (later to be called Booki and then Booktype). In the few minutes after the speed geek Tomas downloaded his experience of Book Sprints. He was thinking that our platform for collaborative book development would have helped the process a lot. I walked away with a rather distorted view. I understood that in the week in the London apartment Tomas and his friends had written the entire book. What can I say...it was noisy, there was a lot on, and I was tired. Despite that however, I walked away inspired.</p><p>As a result I called up a sponsor (Leslie Hawthorn at Googles Open Source Programs Office) and said I wanted to write a book about Inkscape in a week. Of course it could be done! It had been done before! No worries. </p><p>And somehow it worked.</p>
    

    

    

    

    

    </body></html>
