
    <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
    <!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
        "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
    <html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head><link href="objavi.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/></head>
    <body>
    
    
    <!--?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?--><link href="objavi.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet">
    <h1>Who makes a good facilitator?</h1><p>When I first started facilitating Book Sprints I did it because no one else would. I thought this kind of thing, what it was I wasn't sure, would be best left in the hands of people who knew how to make books. So I looked to the publishing industry and to the writing industries for help. I thought that these people would hold the keys to successful sprints. They knew what the mechanics of book production was. They knew what made a good book, who made a good book, and how to make a good book. I, on the other hand, had no idea. I was most recently a community activist of sorts. I was trying to motivate communities. That involved motivating people, selling the idea, getting people involved. However once they were involved what they did was largely up to them.&nbsp;</p><p>So in the first Book Sprints I did everything I could to get the experts to take the lead. I just did the set up and got people interested.</p><p>However, for one reason or another I found myself somehow trying to make sense of the process and trying to push it forward. What I noticed quite early on was that the experts, all brilliant people, didn't seem to be seeing the process the same as I was. Their blog posts and comments didn't seem to reflect what I had experienced. Slowly I began to realise that this wasn't about making books at all. It was about people.&nbsp;</p><p>It was a slow realisation. It came slowly like the fog lifting from the green mushy banks of the Waikato river. Over several Book Sprints I decided to back my belief that writers, editors and publishers were not the right ones to be producing books. At least not in this way. It seemed pretty&nbsp;arrogant&nbsp;at the time but somehow I stuck to my guns and started taking responsibility for the process. Most importantly I started trying to understand the process. It seemed to reveal itself rather than be invented.</p><p>I had few lights to shine on the path forward but one strong illuminating figure was Allen Gunn. The faciltators facilitator. He has since became my mentor and guide and I learned a lot from observing how he facilitated his events known as 'Unconferences' - a format he had invented. Unconferences are <i>not conferences</i>. They are events where the participants are the event. The Unconference has no agenda, it has a topic. One topic that binds all those attending together. Everyone there shares an interest or passion for the topic and they bring a wealth of experience to the process. The facilitator at the Unconf is the glue, the person that binds the group together and brings them forward to share their ideas and experiences and walk away inspired, tired, and with a a brain full of new ideas and a long list of new friends.</p><p>In my experience conferences are often stagnant and boring. All the action happens in the cafe between presentations. Thats where you have the great conversations, where collaborations develop, where you hear new ideas, where you meet people that turn into lasting working relationships. Without wanting to second guess Gunner, I think he realised that too. He made the cafe the event.</p><p>To do this he also had to invent the role of the Unconf facilitator.&nbsp;</p><p><br></p><p><br></p><p><br></p>
    

    </body></html>
